what's up guys ducting gaming here then
the new minecraft 12 wo for a AKA
pre-release patch thing number four is
out as you can see down here and on this
had added a new mob and a couple new
items that i will show you right now I
like the new mob it's like this leopard
thing it's pretty fucking cool but they
also added these fireball type things so
you can shoot out dispensaries and they
also have added these little jars of
namma not sure it's in nature so them
and they give you XP so like little XP
jars about as far as I can go of it so
as for these fireballs you can set up
these dispensaries and you can put the
fireballs in there like this and then i
guess like you could set this up better
if it's not in creative mode but I'm a
great mood excuse me and you can just
walk over them they apparently shoot
fireballs as you can see some you know
just shoots fireballs it's pretty cool
Lina they sought that great but it's
pretty cool so I know you guys won't see
the fucking bogs and that is not the new
mod your enough the new mod you are a
new mod but here's the leper mod you can
breed these but they're really hard to
catch and tame you breed them with fish
as you see there it goes it's a little
fast booger but you can tame them but
you see their little fast fuckers I'm a
spot a lot you see they're kind of like
little little leopards to see the
leopards get ran over by their own
little stupidity I don't have any more
shit left as you guys something to see
them there's the fire Chargers the fire
Chargers are right next to the bottles
it's that's always cool and so you know
let's load this back on up some fire but
yeah just all I getting these update
videos out quick and this stuff
seriously just came out they just talked
about it on the Minecraft facebook so
yeah these are like the new mods oh they
have these fucking kick-ass leopard type
things
which they're actually called i'm sure
you guys wanna know they're actually
called octa lots o SI e l OT not it's
kind of weird name but there is leopards
you look at them they're little doggies
their little cat things but I heard they
can be tamed by I think fish so let's go
ahead and try that out not sure if it's
going to be like cooked or raw fish so
I'm gonna get a little bit of both I
let's see if I can't tame this one I hit
maybe it's how you breed them it's
either breeding or taming one of the day
and mother well looks like they digged
too far away for me to do it it's free
dick off more I think it might be
actually for breeding the fish instead
they're not taking it although they're
really hard to get to really take
anything I'm also in a crate modo might
be a little bit different but I do know
there is a way to tame them somehow I'll
leave it in the comments or I'll leave
it in the description so check that out
but yeah I just want to make this short
video that's the new mod I mean they
look pretty cool right let's put them on
top of these dispensers so you can see
the fireball shootout well yeah that's
the new cheetah guy they look cool so if
this video helped you out if you like
the new mods give it a thumbs up leave
in the comments what you think about
these three new items and that's gonna
be pretty much it so i will talk to you
guys a bit later